---
title:  "Drugs!"
date: 2023-3-21 1PM
tag: fluff
---

# Dockside Dash, Donnybrook Draws Druggies, Dromorthinidae!

> A WILD PURSUIT between the LAMPBLACKS of CROWS FOOT and an UNNAMED GANG OF THIEVES left CHAOS AND DISTURBANCE along the DOCKS last night.

> The pursuit was occasioned when a Lampblack Patrol spotted the Unnamed Gang in the process of transporting equipment from a RED SASH DRUG LAB out of Crow's Foot, seemingly solidifying reports that the Red Sashes and Unnamed Gang are IN COLLUSION, rather than the former taking advantage of the latter's laxity.

> The pursuit led through CAPTAIN RYE'S MENAGERIE and SALTFORD'S BANK, which led to the release of DOZENS OF SKOVLAN GEESE and SUNDRY RAPID-FIRE ROUNDS released from Saltford's. Captain Rye is offering a 5 SLUG BOUNTY for every goose recovered, though many are STILL AT LARGE.

> The frantic chase ended when the Unnamed Gang turned the tables on their pursuers, having prepared a WAREHOUSE AMBUSH assisted by TACTICAL LEADERSHIP and SUNDRY CLIENTS OF THE BEDRUGGED. As the Lampblack forces fled and the Unnamed Gang continued their journey, a PSYCHADELIC EVENT took form under the auspices of VELDREN, known psychonaut.

> The RED SASH DRUG LAB is now operating out of SIX TOWERS, and will exclusively provide HIGH-QUALITY NARCOTICS, STIMULANTS, and PSYCHADELICS to the patrons of VOID SEA WRESTLING. Reports that the lab is in a DERELICT GRAY CLOAK SNIPER POST and being "guarded" by KNOWN THIEF AND LUNATIC OLD BOOTSY (whose former dwelling was detached from TANGLETOWN due to DRUNKEN DEBAUCH) are correct but unknown to all non-supernatural parties.


