---
title: Ripples
date: 2023-08-10 1PM
tag: fluff
---

*"As far as the tax rolls, we've found some unexpected revenue deficits in our new Skovlan processing facilities. Raw material shortages-"*

The hall is lined with ministers, from entryway to nave. Nearest to the exit are the tax assessors They are, to a person, possessed of a kind of determined, exacting joylessness. The looming gunmetal and grotesque architecture does not faze them.

Within the depths of the nave, upon the throne, a finger taps with idle impatience.

*"-In the south, I am pleased to say that fungicultural subsidies appear to be alleviating food shortages in the heartland. However, this has created certain unfortunate disruptions in a number of key sectors-"*

The ministers grow in ostentation as their position grows closer to the throne. This one might have intricate patterning embroidery, while the next might be draped in medals or commendations. Peacocking within administrative chambers seems a kind of delicate game, incomprehensible yet distinct to an outsider.

The finger's tapping slowly increases in tempo.

*"-Would draw your attention to the newest refinery outputs, which should hopefully-"*

The nearest ministers to the throne cease to show any signs of personality and ornamentation. Their faces are grave and blank. They may as well be dead. They certainly aren't quite alive.

The finger's tapping is abruptly arrested.

*"-Can expect a moderate decrease in-"*

The Immortal Emperor stands.

He is not so tall, nor so imposing as one might expect. Were a portrait ever painted of him, the casual observer would be hard-pressed to identify him as either an Emperor or, indeed, Immortal. His chin is weak. His hairline is high. He wears only a simple black robe. He doesn't appear to be very much of anyone at all.

And yet, the entire room ripples at his motion. It is more than surprise. There is, abruptly, a kind of electricity.

*". . . My lord?"* the speaker stammers.

In Duskvol, at this moment, a grenade has just exploded. 

He stands, and all of the court holds its breath. His gaze is distant. His fist clenches . . . and then relaxes.

*"My-"* the speaker tries again, but falls silent instantly as the Emperor speaks.

***"Call for the Crows and Black Knights."***

There is no question. The room explodes into activity, even as he contines.

***"I would have them armed and ready, but not overly so. No trains. Let them traverse the lands at their own speed. They shall go to Duskwall with subtlety and haste. I would have their coming be sudden as lightning from clear sky."***

The Emperor thinks for a moment, and begins to sweep from the room . . . but then reconsiders, and turns to one of his gaunt ministers.

***"Send for Render. Tell him Breaker is dead. He will know what to expect from that."***