---
title: Search & Salvage
date: 2023-08-10 2PM
tag: fluff
---
Stop me if you’ve heard this one:

So, these two people walk into an apartment in Six Towers . . . Well, actually, no, it’s not really an apartment anymore. It WAS an apartment, before a bunch of lightning and electroplasm grenades and . . . You know what, it doesn’t matter. It’s blown out now, is the point. ANYWAY. Two people walk into a ruin . . .

*”Ooooh, FANCY demons! They got a liquor cabinet and everything!”* exclaims Chuck Morgenstern as he skitters into the living room.

**”Chuck, you GOTTA up your standards . . .”** sighs Nat Marseilles as she lights a cigarette.

*”C’mon, Nat! Are you kidding me?? They had it ALL in here! Murder bedroom, weird storm magic living room, soul liquor cabinet . . . AND a kitchen island! Y’know, think about how much you’d pay in the Capital for this kind of space!”*

**”Yeah, but in Duskwall? Six Towers? You could probably walk down one block and find better digs. You could SQUAT in better digs. So-“**

*”So yeah, OB-vi-ous-ly this was a meaningful location to them. Way ahead of you Nat, I already pulled property records, insurance maps, blah blah blah. You go to church much, Nat?”*

**”Eh, when family’s in town.”**

*”Well, you’re standing in a temple! Or, it was, pre-Imperial. Some old god named Vazara. Take a shovel and start digging, maybe we’d find some walls!”*

Nat squints at the walls as Chuck talks, lips moving soundlessly to herself.

**”Storm goddess, I take it?”**

*”Bingo! I’d bet a Brannigan’s that this demon was a goddess about 900 years ago. Or, not a goddess. What do they call them, vice-gods? Semi-gods?”*

**”History wasn’t really my subject. So! We’ve got one 900-year-old demon here. Powerful. STUPID powerful. As a matter of fact, I bet you could go walk into the ocean and find Leviathans that were weaker than this thing. So . . . How does an electroplasmic grenade kill something like THAT?”**

Her eyes glance over to the shattered furniture and the many holes in the apartment walls.

**”. . . And electroplasmic grenades don’t chokeslam people into tables . . . So, something loosened our demon up. Something BIG. What was it?”**

*”Nat, I do not know. But I DO know who threw the grenade.”*

Grinning ear to ear, Chuck produces a barrel fragment. The wood is stamped “-ANNIGA-“.

*”Found it outside. Bet you a FULL barrel of this that our Nameless had a problem with this demon! Wanna go find ‘em, ask some questions?”*

**”Huh! You know, we could, we could. Or . . .”**

Nat gestures at different points of the room. As Chuck follows her eyes, comprehension dawns.

**”. . . We could ask the demon’s roommates. Don’t you speak robot, Chuck?”**