---
title: Pawns & Needles
tag: session-recap
---

[Deckherd Hall](/wiki/six-towers#deckherd-hall), recently renovated into a luxurious gambling establishment, has received a threat from [Lugos](npcs#lugos): a piece of flayed skin finely embroidered with the phrase *“someone is going to die”*. In response, Bluecoat Captain [Morgan Clelland](/wiki/npcs#morgan-clelland) hires the Nameless to quell the possibility of a second Deckherd Hall Massacre. After some initial investigation (which reveals the renovation's financial backers as the [Seventh Tower Consortium](/wiki/seventh-tower-consortium)), the Nameless decide to intercept Lugos before he can interfere with the grand opening.

The Nameless track Lugos to the abandoned [Claddage Manor](/wiki/brightstone#claddage-manor) and begin their infiltration. [Flan](/wiki/flan) and [Sizzle](/wiki/sizzle) uncover (and behead) the partially flayed corpse of former Spirit Warden [Cassiopeia Beasby](/wiki/npcs#cassiopeia-beasby), learning that her metal [Spirit Warden](/wiki/factions#spirit-wardens) skeleton has been augmented with sharp, needle-like claws. Meanwhile, [Arkin](/wiki/arkin-wollstonecraft) speaks with the [Clockmaker](/wiki/the-clockmaker) after Mousley II discovers a clockwork spider in the manor’s vents, but their conversation is cut short when Sizzle’s hawk alerts the Nameless to Lugos’s return. 

As Lugos descends into the manor, the ghost of Cassiopeia Beasby re-possesses her decapitated corpse, attacking Flan and [Cruncho](/wiki/cruncho) while holding her head in front of her body. Arkin and Lugos confront each other; Lugos, seemingly able to speak, cryptically mentions Scurlock’s influence on him. After a brief but desperate battle involving an inventive booby trap, clever use of electroplasmic current, a well-placed railing, and voice-activated shutdown protocols, the Nameless just barely manage to behead Lugos and destroy the reanimated Cassiopeia.

In the aftermath, Flan loots the art gallery while Cruncho confiscates Cassiopeia’s body (specifically, her metal skeleton) and persuades Arkin not to destroy what remains of Lugos. [Casta](/wiki/npcs#casta) appears at the door of the manor, demanding Lugos’s head, but Sizzle convinces her to back off in exchange for owing a favor.

The opening night of Deckherd Hall goes off without a hitch, and Flan throws a successful pizza party.