---
title: "Funeral at the Docks"
tag: fluff
date: 2023-01-17 5PM
---

The mood is exceedingly somber on the deck of the Titan's Wake. Dozens of seafarers are arrayed in their (not-so-fine) finest dark clothes, with not a head unbowed nor dry eye to be seen. 

The group is gathered around nearly two dozen covered bundles. Each are roughly person-shaped, and draped with the Akorosi flag. At the head of the group, her back to the prow of the ship, Lieutenant Coolidge grasps her cap convulsively in her hands and begins to speak.

**"A sailor expects death. That's the deal we make, when we go out there.  We do it cuz the city needs it. We do it cuz we want better for ourselves. We do it cuz we're all freaks who live for the hunt. But we know we're facing death to do it, cuz we know that's what's waiting out there.**

**"But that ain't what claimed our fellows here."**

She stops and reaches into her pocket to look at her notes. When she faces the crowd, her expression is filled with grim resolve.

**"These sailors, these salts . . . they ain't died a proper sailor's death. They died trying to protect our captain from treachery, from some up-jumped ex-cops who thought they had a right to our blood. And we paid 'em back! Those of 'em that're still living, they know better know. But that don't mean we ain't lost in the bargain. These salts gave their lives, fightin' off the Gray Cloaks, and we're here to pay our respects just like if a Leviathan took 'em. They deserve that. They died just as well as any other of us."**

She nods at another figure, and cedes her place to the next person to come up. This man wears a captain's uniform, and the crowd parts before him respectfully. The only note of color is a red ascot around his neck.

Standing before the assembled mourners, the body of Lord Strangford begins a eulogy for the lost sailors, ambushed by the Gray Cloaks during a covert meet to buy a book of Leviathan routes from an unnamed gang of thieves. Within that body, Lord Scurlock's spirit barely restrains his glee. 