---
title:  "Holy Shit!"
date: 2023-1-5 2PM
tag: fluff
---

# Big Buckets of Blood, Brutal Blasphemies Besmirch Brawler's Building!

> VOID SEA WRESTLING, a battleground between the GRAY CLOAK VIGILANTES and an UNKNOWN GANG OF THIEVES, was the site of a SAVAGE ASYMMETRICAL ENGAGEMENT this evening.

> With the LOSS OF THEIR HEADQUARTERS and LOOMING ALLIANCE WITH THE RED SASHES, the Gray Cloaks sought to resolidify their hold in Six Towers by STEALING BACK THEIR FIGHT PIT by virtue of a SURPRISE ATTACK and ENTRENCHED FORTIFICATIONS, thereby killing a budding alliance between the thieves and LORD STRANGFORD.

> However, the thieves were warned in advance thanks to a BESOTTED RED SASH and UNKNOWN SPYCRAFT, and conspired to load V-Sea-W with A PANOPLY OF TRAPS, SNARES, AND GHOSTLY WARDS (these latter making use of the two HAUNTED APARTMENTS flanking the fighting arena).

> These preparations lead to a SANGUINARY MASSACRE, as three of the thieves slew nine Gray Cloaks and DEFENDED THEIR TERRITORY. Among the casualties was HUTCH GRAFTON, second-in-command of the vigilantes, who fell to a combined FIRE-BOMBING and POSSESSING GHOST of his WRONGFULLY KILLED VICTIM. Allegations that Hutch played host to a LONG-DEAD HEARTLESS KNIGHT OF THE CINDER KING-

*Here, again, the woman throws Scurlock a look of deepest loathing.*

> -are ACCURATE but UNKNOWN to all non-supernatural parties. As the GHOSTS of LONG-DEAD LEGIONARIES and the HEARTLESS KNIGHT OF BLACK OAK have subsequently been EXORCISED AND DISMISSED, no further developments from this quarter are expected.


