---
title: Crow Combat Cruises
tag: session-recap
---

[Jammer](/wiki/jammer), [Mara](/wiki/mara), and [Spud](/wiki/spud) tried to steal some thunder from the [Billhook](/wiki/billhooks) fighting pit by recruiting their top fighters for . . . GHOST FIGHTING COMBAT SPORTS!

And in the process of looking for battle-ready ghosts, they hit upon a group of supernatural doctors called Crows (affiliated with the [Dimmer Sisters](/wiki/factions#dimmer-sisters) AND the Black Knights). With the blessing of [Casta](/wiki/npcs#casta)’s parents [Mikh](/wiki/npcs#mikh) and [Sam](/wiki/npcs#sam) and some convincing forgery, CROW COMBAT CRUISES WAS BORN!!!

Now, was the launch flawless? No. Did Jammer and Spud steal [Arlene Dunleavy](/wiki/npcs#arlene-dunleavy)’s (widow to [Winslow](/wiki/winslow-dunleavy)) steamship to host Crow Combat Cruises? Sure. Did the Crows then murder the pursuing [Bluecoats](/wiki/factions#bluecoats) and Billhooks (who had gone after the stolen ship as de-facto Dock rulers) before turning on our heroes? Absolutely. Did this all end with the gang sorta-befriending these Crows and getting away with their lives by giving the barge to the Dimmer Sisters (all while assuring the Crows that they would be regularly sent victims to be dissected)? Oh yes indeed.

But did Mara stumble upon the idea of GHOST TELEVISION???

DID JAMMER MAKE A CROW FRIEND NAMED [FRIEDRICH](/wiki/npcs#doctor-friedrich)???

MIGHT SPUD BE TURNING INTO A CROW????

Hell. YES.

Some additions:

* The Crows were reluctantly promised to us by Mikh & Sam based on our allegations that we could contain them, that being said, they were not at all helpful in us actually dealing with said Crows. Part of this is likely our fault by sailing directly into the Ghost Quarter and tossing body parts into the water as a strategy...
* Mikh & Sam were staying with the Dimmer Sisters. They were also snobs, so why they picked a sewer is a bit confusing lol.
* Mara forged a document that said we were certified in Crow containment, which made Mikh & Sam very suspicious of where we could have gotten such a thing in this day & age & place.
* Jammer defeated a Crow (temporarily, we put it back) by pulling its heart out of its chest.
* Jammer then swallowed said heart, which led to the temporary possession by Friedrich the Crow, but this was the only way we managed to actually communicate with a Crow.
* Friedrich told us that he and the rest had been Crowified in some ungodly long ago time to fight for the [Immortal Emperor](/wiki/npcs#the-immortal-emperor) under a different (original?) name, The Cinder King.
* Friedrich specifically requested that we agree that profits from Ghost Fight Club be tithed to the Emperor.. we agreed but the Dimmer Sisters took full control of GFC so i guess that is now their problem!
* How exactly the Crows are involved with [7th Tower](/wiki/seventh-tower-consortium) and the [Hat Man](/wiki/joseph-woodward) is unclear, but there seems to be some sort of tie between all these parties though based on their willingness to join GFC, not a perfect allyship. Ditto the Dimmer Sisters & Mikh & Sam.