---
title: "Patriotic Hanky-Panky"
tag: session-recap
---

The [Cult of Vazara](/wiki/factions#cult-of-vazara)’s basement temple was controlled-detonated and disguised as a patriotic BDSM dungeon by [Arkin](/wiki/arkin) and [Cruncho](/wiki/cruncho) (despite [Veldren](/wiki/npcs#veldren)’s attempts at stopping the gang with drugging and hallucinogens). 

[Nat Marseilles](/wiki/npcs#nat-marseilles) and her [Spirit Warden](/wiki/factions#spirit-wardens)/SWAT team task force was delayed in finding the dungeon due to [Caleb Hollow](/wiki/npcs#caleb-hollow) (poorly) pickpocketing orphans (moderately successfully) and Dr. [Ykaterina Volkova](/wiki/katya), respected academic and weapons nerd (quite successfully indeed). A kitchen grease fire also helped!

ELSEWHERE

[Sandro](/wiki/sandro) and [Sizzle](/wiki/sizzle) plotted to frame [Morgan Clelland](/wiki/npcs#morgan-clelland) (your ex-contact and current cop) and the Clelland family as the REAL treasonous Vazara-worshippers. Disguised in Clelland raiment and bearing “mom’s spaghetti” (secretly haunted brain soup), *the two found Morgan Clelland passed out at his desk, being menaced by a burned, scarred, but still living [Chuck Morgenstern](/wiki/npcs#chuck-morgenstern)!*

Chuck was, *weirdly*, pretty cool with the two Nameless setting up Clelland for death and ignominy! I mean, sure, he’s a dirty cop, and SURE, Sizzle agreed to assassinate Chuck’s family after the three bonded over their dysfunctional families, but . . . Still weird.

REGARDLESS, the two managed to brilliantly combo Sizzle’s special ammo and the ghost soup to create a vampire! This vampire was set up with various Vazaran accoutrements, Inception’d into an unsuccessful arcane attempt against Nat Marseilles, and subsequently framed by Sandro’s innocent-sounding “statement”. Forget the [Pendryns](/wiki/npcs#lord-pendryn) (who were able to keep up the deception thanks to some speech coaching by the Nameless and an IRL Imperial kinky bedroom life), the CLELLANDS are the real traitors!

And so, of course, [Render](/wiki/npcs#render) flayed and crucified [Lord Clelland](/wiki/npcs#lord-clelland) the next day.

It’ll take some time, but they’ll soon figure out that Clelland didn’t know anything real. After that, the hunt will begin anew, and Render will search out more substantial traitors.

**Other quick hits:**

-The Nameless nearly lost face with the [Six Towers citizenry](/wiki/six-towers) over their misuse of the orphans, but have brought it back around by investing in orphan rapscallion education.

-The servant informant that ratted on the Pendryns turned out to be a sous-chef and former disciple of [François](/wiki/npcs#francois)! Before being boiled alive in soup, he proclaimed that he was attempting to stop the prophecy of the Quiznos Sandwichman! The Quiznos Sandwichman, who will emerge in the Pendryn home and *change the culinary landscape as we know it!* Even the vampire-in-Clelland version of this sous-chef was obsessed with the idea of the Quiznos Sandwichman (aka the GrillSan al’ GrubEat), and only agreed to take on the arcane implements of Vazara upon being led to believe that [Nat Marseilles](/wiki/npcs#nat-marseilles) was an ally of the Quiznos Sandwichman.

-Though we now know that the Pendryns have a healthy sex life, *we don’t know if they are in looooove.*