---
title: Family Reunion
date: 2023-10-17 2PM
tag: fluff
---
**Elsewhere, beneath Duskvol**

The two Black Knights consider the scene before them, illuminated only by the glowing body in the temple.

**"Fuckin' creepy."** says the scruffy man, finally.

***"Sure is,"*** agrees the sandy-haired woman, ***"Crows seem to fuckin' love it though."***

The two peer into the darkness of the Dimmer Sisters' cavern. Upon arrival, the Crows had vanished into the shadows. Where they were NOW would be anyone's guess.

**"Yeah, I'll just bet. Never fun workin' with them, is it?"**

***"Nah. You'd think after . . . how many years?"***

**"870? Ish? Woulda been about eight years after our wedding, so . . ."**

***"Yeah, you're right. 871, then. Almost 872!"***

**"Heh. How 'bout that?"**

***"Promised you excitement, didn't I? Never a dull moment."***

The two settle in closer together. She puts her head on his shoulder, seemingly unbothered by the black iron armor that they're both wearing. He puts his arm around her, threading his hand through the longbow at her back with practiced ease.

**"Aaagh, I love you, Sam."**

***"Love you too, Mikh. Best choice I ever made. Or-"***

**"Hah! Second-best. I'll take the silver medal to the Immortal Emperor, don't you worry."**

They sit in companionable silence for a moment, watching the play of ectoplasmic light against the ruined stone walls. When Mikh finally speaks up again, he sounds slightly hesitant.

**". . . We oughta see her, huh?"**

Sam sighs and purses her lips.

***"Yeaaaah, we should. Ain't heard about how shit a mom I am in about five years. Overdue, aren't we?"***

**"Yuuup. Joys of parenting. Least we'll see . . . What's their name now?"**

***"Scurlock, last I heard. He/him. Yeah, that'll be nice, at least."***