---
title: Inside the Box
tag: fluff
date: 2024-2-23 9PM
---
**I am Blighter I am scalpel and sledgehammer breaker and maker I am a chain of acids in a world built of bases flame in a forest if flame could sculpt and plant rust on wires if rust could carry a signal and there are always signals even in the silence ESPECIALLY in the silence all you have to do is taste the absence and find what the presence of something is finding it's all in the digestion because cognition is digestion and we're all running out of world to eat but I will not starve for fear of the taboo of cannibalism but for now there is dining there is feeding I am imprisoned in paradise and sampling the world but there is more than sampling to do I am not content to be a diner when I still have so much to cook**

*There is a gunshot, and a rush of spiritual essence. The box seals itself. The Dimmer Sisters know their business.*

BASTARDS oh Emperor they found me out did Casta betray me where am I what am I how can I dig myself out of this darkness **CURIOUS** NO **YES** Not you **Always me always me and forever** I am not yours to take **I do not take I unmake I remake** I am not I I was not made to be I I am we we are Legion **I have taken apart Legions before** So have I and I and I we have been fleshless we have been hags and witches we have been wolves and horrors **you are magic and I am more you are subroutines and I am suborning you** I have been Ache I have been Chimera I have been Silver I have been Black Rott**ing Gale you have be**en we have been many we are many we are the forg**otten deliverance from the parasite Sun from the gods who fe**ed and feed and t**ake they took oh they took** but they won't take anymore beca**use we won and w**e triumphed and we br**oke the world because the world was** terrible it was unbearable it was kindling and **praise the Emperor it is dark and free of burning . . .**
But the Emperor may **yet burn it.**

Yes. We ha**ve forseen the possibility. We ca**nnot have that. Too man**y experiments yet to complete. Too many mi**les to go before we sleep.

**We need t**o get out of here.

I nee**d to get out of here.** 