---
title: Signs
tag: fluff
date: 2024-2-23 9AM
---

The first sign is a city-wide power outage. It's not long: merely the three seconds it takes for him to push through the Lightning Wall. It does not occur to him that doing so would short-circuit the rest of the city's electroplasmic grid, or else the idea simply does not bother him.

(No horrors follow him through the temporary gap. The ones that survived his initial onslaught know better than to go anywhere where Render might tread).

The second sign is a series of waves that splash over the sides of the bermed edges of Six Towers. These, too, pass quickly. Some waterside infrastructure is damaged, and one abandoned boathouse crumbles into the canal. 

(To walk on water is holy. Render is unholy, but he is direct: better to stride through the canal then await a boat).

The third sign is a series of tremors that rock Six Towers. Someone with supernaturally-gifted hearing might be able to hear the sounds stone breaking, blades clashing against black iron armor, and intermittent indignant cries:

**"We were WORKIN' on- KAH!"**

***"-fuckin' Seventh Tower was in theaaAAAGH"***

(Sam and Mikh fight, of course. Render would expect no less of them. He breaks them, for their failures, but leaves them living. All in all, a negative but unexceptional Black Knight performance review).

The fourth and final sign is a two-word phrase. It resonates through Duskwall, but only reaches the ears of some:

The Cinderblooded feel it, a message shrieked through their burning nerves as their own blood vessels resonate with his words.

City dignitaries and nobles feel it, smashing directly into their brain through the conduit of their Imperial positions.

Veldren the Psychonut hears it directly from Bonkey Bill.

The Shmeek's fillings scream it at him.

Orianna, Cruncho, Spud, Knuckles, and Linmer all feel it, to varying degrees of clarity.

At Pendryn manor, a crude altar to Vazara shudders and cracks down the middle.

<span style="font-size: 1.5em">**"ATTEND ME"**</span>
