---
title: Downtime
tag: fluff
date: 2024-02-23 11:59PM
---

## Katya

* **Indulge Vice**   
*The electroplasmic guitar (dented, though not smashed in half -- that iron was* ***strong***) *sits untouched in the corner. A sign on Katya's quarters reads: "Do not disturb. If it's an emergency, find someone else." She has some... catching up to do with an old friend.*

* **Long-Term Project - The Next Generation.** Progress: 2/12   
*From her usual position, boots up on her mahogany desk at Charterhall University, Dr. Yekaterina Volkova's steel gray eyes scan over the latest chapter of Valerie Penderyn's dissertation. Her expression betrays nothing. "Your work... it is good, but it is... academic. Theoretical. Dr. Fedotova - have you read what I gave you of hers? - she believed that you could not write what you did not practice. Let me know when you have time. We will go to local shooting range. Get a bow in your hands."*

## Cruncho

* **Calculating, Indulge Vice**
*The rote motions repairing the toilet acted as a meditative trance. Freed up his brain to think. Mumbled words escaped Cruncho's lips as he poured over ideas. Bodies. Hunt. Alter. Wolf. Bargain. Kill. Deathlands. Spirit. Good thing this maintenience was pro bono, 'cause the eavesdropping old lady was too unsettled to ever consider hiring him again.*

* **Acquire Asset (Body Hunting), Operation Haunted Pierogi**      
*Blighter was insufferable.*   
*"No, no, no, that body's islet cell production won't survive the required endocrine enhancements."*   
*"That frame is too tall, too many vertebrae are necessary to maintain posture. I won't be able to fit nearly as many enhancements along the spinal column as I require."*   
*"Blah Blah Blah Science Biology Insult Science Break the World!"*   
*Eventually Cruncho shelled out a pretty penny for advertisement. Attracted a crowd of mercenary muscleheads under the premise of a job, and let Blighter pick from the crop. It wouldn't give Cruncho the best rep with certain parts of the underworld...but god, anything to get this over with.*   

## Sizzle

* **Indulge vice.** rolled (1,1)   
*She storms into the tiny kitchen, ripping a pamphlet of Duskvol tourist destinations off the corkboard and slamming it on the counter. The steel-nib pen nearly slices through the paper as she furiously scribbles* ***"Haunted as <u>FUCK</u>"*** *over the entry for Mistshore Park. After a moment, she takes a deep breath, steadies the pen, and adds* "comfy benches" *and* "Dad liked the murals (?)" *in the margin.*

* **Indulge vice**   
*"See, Velvet? He ain't so bad." Velvet clicks her beak in tentative agreement from her perch on Woodward's shoulder. The three of them look out over the rooftops of Six Towers, past the Dosk river. From this distance, the lightning is little more than a sparkling white ribbon dancing in and out of the darkness.*

* **Long Term Project -- Hollowing Bullets (spent 1 coin).** progress: 6/6!   
*"Your injection mechanism worked perfectly!" Sizzle exclaims, leaning over the tank to examine the three bullets clustered just under the eel's skull; the dye from the test solution had spread into patchy blue splotches under its smooth white skin. Melver chuckles giddily as he reaches into the tank to inspect the impact site. "And you, Sizzle! Your... bullets? Uh.... darts?" Melver shakes his head in wonder. "Ingenious! There only appears to be minor bruising -- this fish'll live another day! Or, it would, if it wasn't on the menu for tonight."*
