---
title: Winding Up
tag: fluff
date: 2024-2-23 11AM
---
*Somewhere dark, dry, and thrumming with machinery*

&lt;I trust you understand just how badly this is going to hurt.&gt;

***"Hrrrrrrn. Already hurts."***

&lt;Then I'll clarify: this pain will make the old pain feel like nothing. Your every nerve will be alive and flayed for every second of this. I suspect very few people in the history of the world have felt pain like the pain you are going to feel. You WILL survive, but you will not be the same. Nobody can experience this kind of pain and remain who they were before.&gt;

***"Trying to talk me out of it?"***

&lt;Hardly. I'm simply saying this now so that I don't hear any complaints of blindsiding afterwards. Of course, we MIGHT remove your spirit from your body while I work-&gt;

***"No. The enemy deals in agony. Gotta get used to it. Get ready."***

&lt;Feh. Very well, miss. I'm just going to adjust your helmet and . . . good. Let's begin with your extremities . . .&gt;

*A humming sound begins, along with the wet tearing of flesh. Within seconds, a low scream begins to hiss its way from the Spider's lungs.*

&lt;They will suspect you first, you know. The Nameless have done far too proficient a job at covering their tracks, and the hulks of Seventh Tower will not draw their attention for long. Render will seek you out.&gt;

***"GRRRAAAAHHH LET HIMMMMMMAAAGH AGH AGH"***

&lt;Of course. You'll find I've added some new alternatives for dealing with foes of the Knights' caliber. I know you prefer your blunt force trauma, but the needles in your nails will afford you a different means of incapacitating them. Now, for the Crows-&gt;

*The Clockmaker continues his dispassionate recitation, as the Spider's screams struggle to keep pace with the agony she is experiencing.*

-----

*Hours later.*

&lt;Miss? Can you understand me?&gt;

***"Aaaaahuhuhuhuh . . . huuuuuuuugh . . . . uuuuugh . . ."***

&lt;. . . No. Of course you can't. I'm surprised you can even form the basic thought needed to make these mewling sounds. A testament to your inborn resilience, however pathetic.&gt;

*There are a few moments of silence, punctuated only by the broken Spider's gasps of agony.*

&lt;You're going to lose, you know. Even after all of this, all of my genius and all of your dedication, you're going to lose this delusional little war of yours. Oh, you'll likely make an accounting of yourself. I should HOPE you will, anyway; I've packed in far too much hardware for you not to slay at least half a dozen of the Emperor's playthings.&gt;

&lt;But in the end, you're going to lose, and you're going to die horribly.&gt;

*A crackle of electroplasmic machinery hums to life, and the room is suffused with a blue glow.*

&lt;It's all for the best, though. You've provided a surprisingly useful template for my work. When I create the inheritors of this world, they will flower from the muck of these experiments. I may even have them pay tribute to you. Some kind of ancestor worship, perhaps? Or . . . no, perhaps not. My creations will not be mired in the totemic thinking of humanity.&gt;

*The glow lightens from blue to white, and the crackle becomes a roar.*

&lt;Maybe a statue. A statue would be fitting. But on the subject of perserved copies . . .&gt;

*The roar reaches its apex, then subsides. There is a moment of silence.*

&lt;Miss? Can you understand me?&gt;

***". . . Hrrrrrn. That sucked."***

&lt;Impressive . . . You've retained your cognition, after all of that. We'll have to run some tests, ensure that you've lost nothing-&gt; 

*There is a sound of tearing straps and rupturing metal. When the Spider's footsteps come, they thud heavier than her frame should allow.*

***"I'm fine. Gonna sleep. Heal. Then ready for tomorrow. Ready for war."***

&lt;Of course, miss. As you say.&gt;