---
title: Valentine-Sea-Wrestling
tag: session-recap
---

DuskViolence II: Super Omega MAX Ultra Supreme Vortex went off with plenty of hassle, a lot of romantic catharsis, and several near-supernatural disasters that have . . . actually kind of resolved themselves? Sorta? Kinda?

- [Casta](/wiki/npcs#casta) has flipped back to the Nameless by the power of l-word and is about to explain everything she knows about the meta-plot
- [Katya](/wiki/katya) x Casta, [Jammer](/wiki/jammer) x [Friedrich the Crow](/wiki/npcs#doctor-friedrich), and [Sizzle](/wiki/sizzle) x [Val](/wiki/npcs#valanthe) have all made important steps in their various relationships by making up (un)healthily, identifying the importance of boundaries and emotional labor via dismemberment, and identifying that one has a crush on the other.
- [The Spider](/wiki/npcs#claire-strangford) nearly got her ass beat by the Black Knights, but with the intercession of ~~Arkin~~  the robot wrestler [Mousewing](/wiki/arkin) managed to beat their asses instead. Her final words to [Sam](/wiki/npcs#sam) and [Mikh](/wiki/npcs#mikh) were to tell [Render](/wiki/npcs#render) that she was coming for him.
- [Linmer](/wiki/linmer) has learned that the Spider's possession of his blood gives her SOME kind of ability to track him. ALSO, he has learned that the Spider and the [Clockmaker](/wiki/the-clockmaker) are all actively anti-[Emperor](/wiki/npcs#the-immortal-emperor) and anti-Empire, and seek to personally bring down and destroy the Immortal Emperor.
- [Scurlock](/wiki/lord-scurlock), after failing to use Casta as a distraction, tried and failed to steal [Boris](/wiki/npcs#boris-volkov)'s mysterious box. Thanks to dismemberment, small arms fire, and Linmer's Sticky Stuff, Scurlock is now imprisoned in Boris' box.
- [Void Sea Wrestling](/wiki/v-sea-w) is FUCKIN' BACK, SON. Rock "The John" Dwayneson is BACK! [The Shmeek](/wiki/npcs#jeremy-pendryn) is *BACK*. **RED HOT DAN HOUSTON ALMOST DIED OF A HEART ATTACK BUT THEN DID NOT**.
- Cactus Joe is happy slinging shitty beer cocktails at the Chant and Coven bar in [Nightmarket](/wiki/locations#nightmarket)
- [Viktoria Karhowl](/wiki/npcs#viktoria-karhowl) has build "Ludo", a small trashcan-sized bot who can unfold into an electrified murder jellyfish.
- Arkin has earned Viktoria's respect.
- Jammer has made a name for herself by destroying Ludo in a way that was both kickass and also perfectly encapsulated the Valentine's Day Spirit
- [Books](/wiki/books) nearly precipitated the murder of [Veldren](/wiki/npcs#veldren) but then managed to fob it off to a random old man who was watching the show.
- Sizzle has a perfect understanding of the Casta/Sam/Mikh family dynamic
- Linmer has, by virtue of applying the right kind of Bloodneedle at the right time, "fixed" the Shmeek/brought him back to his version of normal
- Jammer's S.O. recognized Scurlock and referred to him as "that traitorous HAG". Jammer is one of the few Nameless who can reliably speak to Crows due to a succession of Mistakes