---
title: No Refunds
tag: fluff
date: 2023-8-22 2PM
---

**At Deckherd Hall**

Studebaker Spud rocks back and forth, clenching and unclenching his fists in the middle of Comber Way. As he watches, the Bluecoats are working to take the evicerated bodies off of the outer façade. The corpses are still clutching their signs, "I DON'T FORGET" carved in with knifestrokes.

*"Summbitch, now . . ."* he remarks to the open air, *"Ol' Studebaker Stud's got hisself a right pickle, don't he? Got some kinda sicopath spider-ghost runnin' 'round. Huh!"*

He begins to walk down the street, still talking to himself. Passerby give him some looks, but there aren't many passerby (this is Six Towers, after all) and the looks aren't particularly pointed (this is Duskwall, after all).

*"And after I shell out the cashola, get m'self set up all nice and legal with it. Ain't realized about no sicopath spider-ghosts up in them rafters. What kinda luxury livin' prospects is that? Ain't no modern 'ppurtancences gonna make up for no sicopath spider-ghost, an' THAT'S the damn truth."*

A figure falls into step behind him, a wide-brimmed hat obscuring their features. Their clothes are baggy and billowing. Nothing can be seen of them nearly at all. 

**"Don't worry about the automaton, Mr. Spud,"** says a razor-fine voice from beneath the hat, **"Just focus on restoring Deckherd Hall. We'll handle the unwanted intruders."**

Studebaker Spud half-jumps out of his skin.

*"Gahddamnit, 'bout shat m'self there, now . . . Well, all right, y'all so keen t' tangle with a sicopath spider-ghost robit, that's your lookout an' you're welcome to it. So, handle it! What're ya-"*

**"We only came to let you know that your debts have been handled. You're free and clear, Studebaker Spud."**

Studebaker Spud lets out a whoop and spins around to face the figure, but finds only their back as they've begun to walk away.

**"Just remember who did you this favor, Mr. Spud. We'll be in touch. The Consortium will be busy soon, and we'll need you to be the face of our work."**