---
title: Downtime
tag: fluff
---

## Flan
*Flan sitting in a chair, head hanging, not able to look Giancarlo in the eye while he heals him, who also doesn't look directly at Flan. They say nothing. The tension and disappointment in the air is crushing.*

## Arkin
*The rest of the Nameless haven’t seen much of Arkin recently. He keeps running off into the night, which, while not an unusual occurrence for most members of the gang, is rare for him. When he returns, he’s often covered in scratches, sweat, and oil. His messy lab coat is even filthier. And he has the biggest grin on his face.* 

*One day, he bursts into the lair, wordlessly grabs Linmer by the arm, and rushes back out again, elder in tow. When they return four hours later, they do so with the eyes of a partnership that is extraordinarily proud of their work.*

*Later that week, Arkin stops going out at night. You see him calmly smoking his opium pipe by the fire, feet up, Mousely III on his lap. He is the picture of serenity.*

## Cruncho

*The sight of the corpse filled Cruncho with...disappointment? A decisive 1-on-1 victory over a vampire isn't a feat many live to boast about. But he found himself lost in the past, musing over how the spirit operating the vampire, Bea, had overwhelmed Cruncho back when she was a living human. Did...did she become...weaker? A broken mind in borrowed flesh. Maybe vampiric ascension wasn't the path. His eyes drifted downward to his own arms, where the spirits of Francois and Bea were trapped by implanted arcane silver. A long, uncomfortable silence passed. And then a spark! Cruncho suddenly straightened up. If ONE spirit wasn't enough, what about a body running on the energy of TWO spirits? Or...or more?*

## Sizzle

*Sizzle lays on her stomach facing a cross-legged Valanthe, inspecting the meticulously arranged revolver parts on the floor between them. Each spring, lever, and plate is freshly cleaned and polished, the lamplight glinting off them playfully as Sizzle pieces the guns back together. Valanthe shifts her weight slightly, keeping her hand pressed against her face. "You ready, Sizzle?"*

*Sizzle glances up. "I think so. You've been real patient, Val; I promise it'll be worth it." She pushes herself to her knees, carefully placing a half-assembled pistol aside before closing the space between them. "Okay. Look up." Her fingers reach up to lightly brush away the hand covering Valanthe's face.*

*The scrap of mushroom leather over Valanthe's missing eye has molded to her features beautifully. Sizzle gingerly tests the edges, ensuring the rigidity of the mask before gently lifting it from Valanthe's face.*

*"Well, ain't that somethin'." She sits back on her heels, admiring her handiwork. "Not bad at all for a gal more used to makin' holsters! Just needs a trim, a bit of paint, and -- Val. VAL! Ya stopped breathin' again! Ya'll really need to see a doctor about that, it seems t' be happenin' an awful lot."*