---
title: Hooks & Sashes
tag: session-recap
---
Seventh Tower continues its bulldozing rampage against the Nameless, with the assistance of the Billhooks and their organization. THIS time, they're targeting the Fog Hounds, and it's on multiple fronts:

To the one side, certain journalistic organizations (including the *Duskwall Independent*) are being fed information about "a group of smugglers with covert insurgent ties". The more responsible outlets are vetting information, but the other 98% are running with it.

For the other side, the Fog Hounds are having increasing difficulty finding the physical SPACE to dock, as the Billhooks are having it be known that they are not welcome to dock at . . . well, at the Docks!

The Red Sashes HEROICALLY fought their way to the center of Billhook territory and uncovered evidence that (gasp) THE BILLHOOKS WERE BEHIND THE SABOTAGE OF THE IRONWORKS REPAIR EFFORTS. This evidence has been sent to the PROPER AUTHORITIES, and the Billhooks are under ENOUGH SCRUTINY AND JOURNALISTIC INTEREST to stop them from successfully fucking with the Fog Hounds.

But what did the Nameless have to do with this? Well, aside from coordinating with the Red Sashes and assisting behind the scenes with the invasion efforts, the gang smuggled in actual evidence of the Billhooks’ illicit sales into their headquarters through means of 1. False Seventh Tower deliveries, 2. False meat deliveries, and 3. Ghost door shenanigans.

However, the Nameless have gained no rep from this venture because Nat Lyonne has some real problems with this ongoing fracas and is putting pressure on the Nameless to chill the fuck out. Thus, they are truly anonymous on this one.

-Sandro came face-to-face with a Crow (Sven) who taught him the true meaning of fear when faced with a being whose wants and desires were entirely alien to the social framework within which he operates.

-Flan also faced the Crow, and shot off part of his mask (with Sizzle’s help)! In retribution, the Crow plucked out and crushed one of Flan’s kidneys.

-Giancarlo is ashamed of Flan for engaging with Hungry Frank the Mushroom-Meaterist, and for embellishing his fake meat (not a euphemism).

-Sizzle discovered the location of Coran (currently possessed by a strange ghost and alternately attended by members of the Billhooks and geese). “Coran” asked her if she could get them a ship. When asked what was in it for her, “Coran” replied “the sun”. This meant nothing to Sizzle, and “Coran” withdrew.

-Successive revelations of fault lines within the Billhooks finally allowed Sandro to cause an eruption of tensions within the group. Several Billhooks have killed several other Billhooks! Erin’s grip over the organization is no longer as firm as it once was . . .

-In the midst of ghost-key evidencing, Cruncho managed to ghostbust the ghost of Francois AND the vampiric Bea! 

-Valanthe the Red Sash lost an eye but got a hug, AND saved Sandro. In exchange, Sandro promised to tell about her heroics (specifically to “the lady with the guns” and “the lady with the bow”).

-There is a sixteen-year-old girl working for the Billhooks who one day wants to have a sleeve of snake tattoos and wants to be called “Snake”. Flan has encouraged this. “Snake” is bad at working behind a fake butcher counter.

-Canonically, tattoo artists in Duskvol take minimum legal age VERY SERIOUSLY for reasons of CRAFT and also DEMONS.