---
title:  "Mayhem!"
date:   2022-10-20 1:00 PM -0500
tag: fluff
---
# Mysterious Mission Masks Macabre Mania, Massacres Mansion Masonry!

> The home of LORD AND LADY CLADDAGE was defiled by STRANGE RITUALS and MAGICAL MISHAPS, resulting in CONSIDERABLE PROPERTY DAMAGE and LOSS OF LIFE.

> Lord Claddage, no stranger to our pages, is suspected of TREASON and EMBEZZLEMENT in his role as bank director. With her husband’s impending downfall, the Lady Claddage hired a group of UNKNOWN ROGUES to FALSIFY HER DEATH, to evade the reach of the law and the contempt of good society.

> However, the former Spirit Warden CASSIOPEIA BEASBY, having been driven to RAGE AND MADNESS at the reveal of her identity and subsequent sacking, conspired to infiltrate the Claddage Manor and seed it with all manner of DEATH TRAPS, GHOSTLY WEAPONRY, and THEATRICAL ACCOUTREMENTS.

> The rogues, proceeding inwards on their intended malefaction, instead found themselves confronted by a BLOODY TALE OF WOE, as well as DEADLY DEMONIC AND SPIRITUAL PHENOMENA. The noise from their struggles called BLUECOATS AND SPIRIT WARDENS ALIKE to the scene.

> Our would-be frauds found themselves injured by BLADED WEAPONS, SPIRITUAL POSSESSION, and SELF-INFLICTED EXPLOSIVES TO THE STOMACH. Despite these grievous wounds, all lived to tell the tale by means of an IMPROVISED FLYING COUCH, which combined with ARCANE SPATIAL DISTORTIONS to permit their escape from the FORCES OF LAW.

> Aside from purloining several valuable objets d’art, the villains also managed to obtain a LEDGER NAMING SEVERAL SKOVLAN SPIES, which might prove a valuable asset.

> While Cassiopeia Beasby is dead and disintegrated, the fate of Lady Claddage is unknown at this time. The Lord Claddage remains under suspicion and watch. 
