---
title: ""
tag: fluff
---

The following message is delivered via intermediary. The paper burns after being read by the first member of the Nameless with the ability to convey its contents to others.

> To whom it may concern:

> I write representing the broader Seventh Tower Consortium to register our shock and dismay at the untoward actions of our former CEO, Joseph Woodward. The board has unanimously voted to oust Mr. Woodward and will be taking steps to repair our good name within Duskvol, the Empire, and the grace of the Immortal Emperor (long may He reign).

> In earnest of our sincere sorrow and desire to mend the fences callously destroyed by our unstable ex-CEO, we would like to engage your services in a private investigation to thoroughly reveal every unseemly action taken by Joseph Woodward and his gang of cronies within Duskwall. Leave no stone unturned in revealing his crimes.

> It is our sincere hope that a thorough investigation undertaken by leaders of the community such as yourselves will reveal the fullness of the rot, and thus allow the beginning of our long road to recovering trust with the fine people of Duskwall.

> Yours respectfully,
> Yolanda Augury

Reading between the lines: this is a peace offering from the broader Seventh Tower Consortium. By hook or by crook, unearth (or create) a full log of the crimes of Joseph Woodward (aka the Man in the Hat) so that they can throw him under the bus. They will pay you 12 Coin and, under pretense of working to restore their good name, leave Duskwall alone.