---
title: Downtime
tag: fluff
---

## [Books](/wiki/books)
* **Indulge Vice:** Working on the U.H.N.D.E.R.B.E.L.L.Y. manuscript. Books spends some time quizzing Sandro about what can go wrong with investing/stock trading.   
*How do you know what is Investing With Your Head vs Investing With Your Heart? How Often Does Shorting Backfire? Intricate, pedantic questions to tease out Just How Diversified Is Diversified Enough? All for a chapter in the manual attentively titled "Financial Safety; You Can't Afford To Be In Danger".*

* **Train Prowess (2 ticks)**   
*Books walked away from the last mission with a bruised rib, caused by a bullet that impacted through the man's underlying armor. That absolutely WOULD NOT do. And so Books went back to the scene several days later; reimagining the scene, he feverously practiced the choreography dodging that would've been retroactively necessary to avoid harm. And in extra heavy armor, no less.*

## [Sizzle](/wiki/sizzle)

**Project Clock (x3):** research Woodward's connection to the ghost field (2 downtime actions + 1 Coin)

*  **progress: 3/6**   
*Sizzle occupies herself with some basic forensic testing to avoid looking at the various jars of preserved organs around Dr. Mycah Melver's office while the doctor listens to Linmer explain the effects of his serum.*

* **progress: 4/6**   
*Sizzle falls asleep in the lab, accidentally destroying two samples. Dr. Melver roundly scolds her about "scientists needing proper rest" or something.*

* **progress: 6/6!**   
*The electobloodometer readings drop sharply two nights after Sandro and Sizzle plant evidence in Deckherd Hall. Dr. Melver excitedly crunches the data on a blackboard twice Sizzle's height. "Four parts business, one part ghost glue, one part Joe!" he exclaims excitedly, before inhaling a cloud of chalk dust and dissolving into a coughing fit.*

## [Arkin](/wiki/arkin)

* **destress**   
*Despite almost being caught by the Bluecoats, Arkin and the rest of the cult of Vezara had an excellent prayer session and a lovely tea afterwards.*

* **heal**   
*Changed bandages on wounds on his side. Healing is coming along nicely. Ate some delicious cocaine pasta.*

* **research the Clockmaker’s spider OS, 5/8 complete**   
*Toiled away at reverse-engineering the spider’s “brain.” Linmer had taken the legs for his own experiments, which was fine. Lots to unpack here, but Arkin thinks he’s on the right track.*