---
title: Unity Day, Part II
tag: session-recap
---

> 'Twas the night of Unity Day, and across Duskwall   
Two forces were plotting the Nameless' fall  

> To one side, the Billhooks, their fellowship strained,   
Had for themselves a celebration arranged   
A sitdown they'd called for, a summit in fact!   
For their fraternity had started to crack   
Their patrols diminish'd, they've closed their fight pits   
And to this reunion they pledge 2d6   

> Elsewhere in Six Towers, the Seventh doth plot   
And prepare to reverse all the losses they've got   
They toil away in their tenements gutted   
And make of them condos with luxuries studded   
The board members, from afar, giggle with glee   
And to this project they'll pledge d6 of 3

So, what happened?
g
The Nameless (Spud and Arkin) decided to break Tarvul (incarcerated official leader of the Billhooks) out of Ironhook prison (faking his death in the process) to ruin Erin's (Tarvul's sister and de-facto Billhooks leader) Unity Day.

They were NEARLY thwarted by Nat Marseilles and Chuck Morgenstern, who tried to sabotage the breakout and frame the Nameless for Tarvul's murder. Their reasoning? Not fully articulated as of yet, but they seem to have decided that the Nameless are worth fully taking down.

However, a combination of tazing, incredible abdominal strength, a rocket-powered cart, and some good old-fashioned cop-killing saw the Nameless triumphant as a bloodied but living Tarvul climactically strode into the Billhooks' Unity Day festivities and retook his rightful place.

Tarvul is not a fan of the wool that Erin has been pulling over his eyes, nor of the seeming-death of his son. **The Billhooks have withdrawn from the war.**