---
title: Two Hats! Part II
tag: fluff
---

It had seemed like such a long shot to ask Linmer about the man in the hat the night of the Seventh Tower shindig. After all, Sizzle had only taken in enough of the scene to notice the two were standing near each other before her focus had been directed towards the charging seven-foot tall knight. It wasn't a guarantee they were speaking, or had even been aware of each other at that moment -- hell, it was barely even a hunch.

But then again, she had always had a knack for long shots.

<hr width="50%">

Sizzle picks up one of the two hats on the table, running her finger along the brim, her eyes lingering on each of the Nameless that Linmer had gathered. "I see ya'll have met him, then."

Her gaze returns to the hat, her eyes tracing the path of her finger, lingering at each of the singe marks in turn.

"The damn coward found me right as I was leaving Deckherd Hall. He offered me a deal; I counter-offered a bullet to his chest. Unfortunately, he vanished into black smoke instead of becoming a corpse."

She holds the hat up the hawk on her shoulder, who daintily uses its beak to test the stiff leather.

"So, now I'm left with two questions I'm hopin' ya'll can help me with. One, where can I find the sonofabitch again, and two, how do I kill him?" 

"Wait, so you already know him?  Ehhhhh..."  Linmer moves to stroke his long beard uneasily, only to find air (thanks to his recent costume change).  He recaps Jammer's run-in with Hatman at the docks, as well as his own run-in with the haunt soon after.

"How do we kill him?  I, I dunno...  Eh, he doesn't seem to think we can touch him, and so far, he seems to be right.  But how do we find him?  Three ideas:"

A finger goes up. "He keeps popping up in the course of normal Nameless business, so we could just wait."

A second. "These hats are real.  They're physical.  There's gonna be a haberdasher in the city selling them, and considering how many we've seen him drop, he's probably a regular."

Finally, a thumb.

"And ehhhhh.... I don't like suggesting this... but he offered both of us deals, but left without a way to call on him.  Maybe...  ehhh.... Maybe if someone accepts his deal, he'll just...appear?" While speaking the third point, Linmer's eyes dart between the room's shadows, seeming to search for the form of the Hatman in the darkness.  He seems to jump, just a little, at a coat resting on a chair.

"Well, *I* know *him*. Whether he knows *me* is an entirely different question." She lets out a soft chuckle and leans forward with interest as Linmer launches into his retelling.

Sizzle listens thoughtfully, her chin resting on her clasped hands. As Linmer finishes, she takes the hat back from Velvet, returning it to the table with its twin.

"Interestin' ideas all. I think the last one's out, though. I couldn't accept a deal if I tried, mainly 'cause I shot him 'fore he could offer any terms. An' truth be told, I ain't interested in summoning him 'less I have somethin' to exploit."

Her sharp grey eyes flick between Linmer and the other Nameless in the room. "But the hats... I think I can help with that."

She sits up abruptly, letting out a sharp whistle.  At the command, Velvet leaps from her perch on Sizzle's shoulder towards the darkest corner of the room, alighting on Sizzle's travel pack. She flicks a clasp open with her beak, grabs the contents in her claws, and flies back, gently depositing two more hats in Sizzle's lap.

One of the new hats is a perfect match for the two already on the table: black, matte leather, subtle decorative lacing around the brim. The other is of the same design, but the leather is white, almost pearlescent. And where the black hats look almost new (save the scorch marks on Jammer's), the white one looks worn-in and well-cared for. The leather is more supple, the sharp-cut edges softly rounded  down in the way that can only occur from daily wear over many years.

"What I can tell ya is, the milliner ain't in Duskvol; she's in the Imperial City. Our boy special orders 'em in bulk, has a shipment delivered by train every few months." Sizzle casually tosses the black hat onto the table with the others. "I came in on the same train his latest order did."

"And this--" she holds up the white hat, pausing for emphasis. "-- it's also his. The very same milliner told me he came in wearin' it 'bout twenty years ago, sayin' he was lookin' for a change. He's been a loyal customer ever since." 