---
layout: post
title:  "Scandal!"
date:   2022-09-22 19:16:45 -0500
tag: fluff-and-nonsense
---
# Head Heist Heralds Horrifying Hardships for Housebreakers!

> The world of ARCANE ANTIQUITIES was rocked today by a DARING HEIST in which a CLOCKWORK HEAD was stolen by UNKNOWN PERPETRATORS.

> The head, believed to be recovered from the depths of the LOST DISTRICT by a gang of DEATHLANDS SCAVENGERS, was set to be handed over to a representative of the anonymous SPIRIT WARDENS at the LORD COMMISAR'S THEATRE during a performance of THE TRAGEDY OF MINIKA ARYA.

> Unbeknownst to all, the mysterious WRAITHS thieves guild had gotten wind of the item, and had disguised themselves as dancers. This gambit set them backstage, where they attempted to interrupt the clandestine handoff.

> However, the prize was intercepted by an UNKNOWN GANG, who SUBDUED OR KILLED all involved parties before vanishing into the night. Initial reports suggesting the Wraiths had obtained the head after a brief pursuit were proven false. It is believed that the unknown gang consisted of TWO LIGHT TECHNICIANS, AN IRUVIAN THEATER CRITIC, A NOBLE OF UNSPECIFIED FOREIGNNESS, and an ARCHITECTURAL CRITIC WITH IRRITABLE BOWELS. 

> "I don't know anything," said LORD CLELLAND, who was present at the performance, "Who are you? You don't know anything! I don't know anything! Nobody knows anything!"

> Our periodical can reveal that the WARDEN REPRESENTATIVE was none other than CASSIOPEA BEASBY, an Iruvian merchant new to town. This information was revealed only to THE UNKNOWN GANG, and may represent VALUABLE CURRENCY in future endeavors. 

> *And now, our review of The Tragedy of Minika Arya.*

> Impressive sets. Lead singer was good. Bit predictable. 

<hr width="50%">

*A woman sits in a darkened room, old finery covered in cobwebs and dust cloths. She is covered by an old robe, with a shawl that might itself resemble a dusty cobweb. Her hair is gray and wild, and her eyes are flint-black.*

*She finishes writing on the parchment she is bent over. We see it is a parody of a newspaper article, written in a spidery scrawl.*

*She looks down at her finished work, smiles, and eats the paper. Her eyes and mouth briefly glow blue.*

*Having done that, she leaps into the air and lands feet-first on the ceiling. She does not fall, but rather stands there, as though gravity has gotten a bit confused (as, indeed, it has). She curls herself into a sitting position . . . and waits.*