---
layout: post
title:  "Heist!"
date: 2023-2-1
tag: fluff-and-nonsense
---

# Historic Heraldry Heisted, High-Borns Horrified, High!

> Members of HIGHEST NOBILITY were DRUGGED and two MILLENNIA-OLD ARTIFACTS were stolen from the ARTHUR PENDERYN MUSEUM in a BOLD MID-DAY HEIST.

> The heist, perpetuated by an UNNAMED YET NOTORIOUS GANG OF THIEVES, targeted an EXCLUSIVE VIEWING of a newly-acquired PRE-IMPERIAL MILITARY BANNER and ANCIENT MEMOIRS of a PRO-THEIST REBEL MILITANT. In attendance were the CITY COUNCIL, HIGH CHURCH ELDERS, and MINISTERS OF IMPERIAL GOVERNMENT. The artifacts were under CITY WATCH AND SPIRIT WARDEN GUARD due to their EXTREME VALUE and (unknown to all non-supernatural parties) POWERFUL HAUNTED CONTENTS.

> These security measures were THWARTED by the gang of thieves, who SUBDUED CITY WATCH SNIPERS and a POWERFUL EIDOLON, stole the artifacts by means of UNDERMINING THE DISPLAY CASE and RAPPELLING FROM THE CEILING for a bold VERTICAL PINCER ASSAULT.

> During this time, City Watch were befuddled and occupied by the SUDDEN INCAPACITATION of the ASSEMBLED ELITE due to LOBSTER THERMIDOR LACED WITH HEARTCALM.

> “Giancarlo is the victim of treachery!” screeches Giancarlo V, head chef of the event and to Bowmore House, “They give Giancarlo the roofie lobster! Giancarlo will not rest until the culprit’s throat meets sharp steel!”

> Pursuit from the SPIRIT WARDENS was foiled by a DARING COACH THEFT and distraction by the spontaneous BIRTH OF A NEW MARTIAL ART. This strange distraction and attendant failure might well raise QUESTIONS about the EFFICACY of the SPIRIT WARDENS.

> The gang of thieves conveyed the banner and the book to LADY PENDRYN, secretly of the CIRCLE OF FLAME, whose life now hangs on a KNIFE’S EDGE should she discover their TRUE PURPOSE.

*The woman in the darkened room puts down her quill just as Lord Scurlock’s still body jerks forward with a start.*

**”Six?”** *she asks, not bothering to look at him.*

*Scurlock takes a moment to recover himself, and then nods.*

***”Very good. The book and the banner may be left where they are for now, but have Lugos keep an eye out. No telling what a mind like Penderyn’s might uncover, given time . . .”***