---
layout: post
title:  "Holy Shit!"
date: 2023-1-5
tag: fluff-and-nonsense
---

*The woman in a darkened room sits before her desk, a blank piece of parchment in front of her. There is also a shot glass of whiskey, which she knocks back with unseemly haste.*

***"Another,"*** she rasps, gesturing.

*Soundlessly, Lord Scurlock emerges from the shadows and pours her another shot. Dark veins shoot through his pallid flesh, and his hand has the slightest tremor.*

*The woman knocks back another shot. The process repeats four more times before she stops calling for more drink. Scurlock hovers behind her, seemingly unperturbed but still shaking mildly. The woman throws him a look of contempt*.

***"Ache . . . You lose Ache, of all of them to lose . . ."***

*She stares at the parchment, picks up her quill, swears a string of profanity, and begins to write.*

# Big Buckets of Blood, Brutal Blasphemies Besmirch Brawler's Building!

> VOID SEA WRESTLING, a battleground between the GRAY CLOAK VIGILANTES and an UNKNOWN GANG OF THIEVES, was the site of a SAVAGE ASYMMETRICAL ENGAGEMENT this evening.

> With the LOSS OF THEIR HEADQUARTERS and LOOMING ALLIANCE WITH THE RED SASHES, the Gray Cloaks sought to resolidify their hold in Six Towers by STEALING BACK THEIR FIGHT PIT by virtue of a SURPRISE ATTACK and ENTRENCHED FORTIFICATIONS, thereby killing a budding alliance between the thieves and LORD STRANGFORD.

> However, the thieves were warned in advance thanks to a BESOTTED RED SASH and UNKNOWN SPYCRAFT, and conspired to load V-Sea-W with A PANOPLY OF TRAPS, SNARES, AND GHOSTLY WARDS (these latter making use of the two HAUNTED APARTMENTS flanking the fighting arena).

> These preparations lead to a SANGUINARY MASSACRE, as three of the thieves slew nine Gray Cloaks and DEFENDED THEIR TERRITORY. Among the casualties was HUTCH GRAFTON, second-in-command of the vigilantes, who fell to a combined FIRE-BOMBING and POSSESSING GHOST of his WRONGFULLY KILLED VICTIM. Allegations that Hutch played host to a LONG-DEAD HEARTLESS KNIGHT OF THE CINDER KING-

*Here, again, the woman throws Scurlock a look of deepest loathing.*

> -are ACCURATE but UNKNOWN to all non-supernatural parties. As the GHOSTS of LONG-DEAD LEGIONARIES and the HEARTLESS KNIGHT OF BLACK OAK have subsequently been EXORCISED AND DISMISSED, no further developments from this quarter are expected.

<hr width="50%">

*Casta the bounty hunter hasn't stopped whistling since she departed from Unity Park, her good spirits seemingly bolstered by the half-covered body slung over her shoulder. She improvises a little softshoe routine as she makes her way up the stairs of a derelict building, and raps on the door to the tune of a popular lounge song.*

***"Special delivery!"*** *she sings out, a smile nearly bisecting her face,* ***"Get it while it's still warm!"***

*The door opens soundlessly, seemingly of its own accord. Casta bounces in, cheerfully slapping her burden down on a surprisingly expensive oaken table.*

***"Here ya go! One city noble, Leviathan captain, and concilmember combo, bolt-skewered to perfection!"*** *she trills at the other occupant of the room,* ***"And, b'cause you're SUCH a loyal customer, I added a little surprise!"***

*With great aplomb, she uncovers the bundle, revealing the corpse of Lord Strangford. It is as we saw it last, except seemingly covered in a fine dust of . . .*

***"That's right, you'll be able to feast on him with my secret combination of sixteen herbs and spices! It's sweet, with heat, for a little treat on your meat!"***

*She considers her words for a moment, as the second occupant approaches the body to inspect it.*

***". . . For the record, that's not a euphemism. I wouldn't recommend putting my dry rub on your genitals if you're gonna-"***

*"Why did you think," intones Lord Scurlock, still holding the wrist of the deceased Strangford, "that I was going to eat the body?"*

*This seems to wrong-foot Casta for a moment.*

***"Uhh . . . cuz you're a vampire, right? Ain't that what you do?"***

*A deep sigh seems to emanate from Lord Scurlock, who picks up the corpse as though it weighed nothing and begins to recede into the apartment. Casta, nonplussed, does not follow.*

***"Wait . . . then why did you want the body?"***

<hr width="50%">

The mood is exceedingly somber on the deck of the Titan's Wake. Dozens of seafarers are arrayed in their (not-so-fine) finest dark clothes, with not a head unbowed nor dry eye to be seen. 

The group is gathered around nearly two dozen covered bundles. Each are roughly person-shaped, and draped with the Akorosi flag. At the head of the group, her back to the prow of the ship, Lieutenant Coolidge grasps her cap convulsively in her hands and begins to speak.

**"A sailor expects death. That's the deal we make, when we go out there.  We do it cuz the city needs it. We do it cuz we want better for ourselves. We do it cuz we're all freaks who live for the hunt. But we know we're facing death to do it, cuz we know that's what's waiting out there.**

**"But that ain't what claimed our fellows here."**

She stops and reaches into her pocket to look at her notes. When she faces the crowd, her expression is filled with grim resolve.

**"These sailors, these salts . . . they ain't died a proper sailor's death. They died trying to protect our captain from treachery, from some up-jumped ex-cops who thought they had a right to our blood. And we paid 'em back! Those of 'em that're still living, they know better know. But that don't mean we ain't lost in the bargain. These salts gave their lives, fightin' off the Gray Cloaks, and we're here to pay our respects just like if a Leviathan took 'em. They deserve that. They died just as well as any other of us."**

She nods at another figure, and cedes her place to the next person to come up. This man wears a captain's uniform, and the crowd parts before him respectfully. The only note of color is a red ascot around his neck.

Standing before the assembled mourners, the body of Lord Strangford begins a eulogy for the lost sailors, ambushed by the Gray Cloaks during a covert meet to buy a book of Leviathan routes from an unnamed gang of thieves. Within that body, Lord Scurlock's spirit barely restrains his glee. 
