---
layout: post
title:  "Drugs!"
date: 2023-3-22
tag: fluff-and-nonsense
---

# Dockside Dash, Donnybrook Draws Druggies, Dromorthinidae!

> A WILD PURSUIT between the LAMPBLACKS of CROWS FOOT and an UNNAMED GANG OF THIEVES left CHAOS AND DISTURBANCE along the DOCKS last night.

> The pursuit was occasioned when a Lampblack Patrol spotted the Unnamed Gang in the process of transporting equipment from a RED SASH DRUG LAB out of Crow's Foot, seemingly solidifying reports that the Red Sashes and Unnamed Gang are IN COLLUSION, rather than the former taking advantage of the latter's laxity.

> The pursuit led through CAPTAIN RYE'S MENAGERIE and SALTFORD'S BANK, which led to the release of DOZENS OF SKOVLAN GEESE and SUNDRY RAPID-FIRE ROUNDS released from Saltford's. Captain Rye is offering a 5 SLUG BOUNTY for every goose recovered, though many are STILL AT LARGE.

> The frantic chase ended when the Unnamed Gang turned the tables on their pursuers, having prepared a WAREHOUSE AMBUSH assisted by TACTICAL LEADERSHIP and SUNDRY CLIENTS OF THE BEDRUGGED. As the Lampblack forces fled and the Unnamed Gang continued their journey, a PSYCHADELIC EVENT took form under the auspices of VELDREN, known psychonaut.

> The RED SASH DRUG LAB is now operating out of SIX TOWERS, and will exclusively provide HIGH-QUALITY NARCOTICS, STIMULANTS, and PSYCHADELICS to the patrons of VOID SEA WRESTLING. Reports that the lab is in a DERELICT GRAY CLOAK SNIPER POST and being "guarded" by KNOWN THIEF AND LUNATIC OLD BOOTSY (whose former dwelling was detached from TANGLETOWN due to DRUNKEN DEBAUCH) are correct but unknown to all non-supernatural parties.

<hr width="50%">

**CW: Body horror, reference to sexual impropriety**

Dr. Carver Wrackham Malleus, PhD, IFD, opened the book with trembling hands. It looked like a children's book at first glance: paper cutouts and simple images over whimsical font . . . and yet, of the assembled concerned letters, solicitor's notices, and increasingly angry correspondences from granting agencies, this was the only piece of mail that mattered to him.

The . . . thing . . . below his beltline stirred as he read, a croaking staccato chattering underlying every printed word.

*If it's in a scheme or it's in a trick*  
*You can't get rid of the Babadick.*  
*If you're really a nasty one, and you know what it is to take*  
*Then you can be joined with a special one, a friend to cads and rakes*  

*His name is Mister Babadick, and this is his schtick.*

*A trouser shift, and three sharp pangs*  
*Ba-Ba-Ba Dick Dick Dick*  
*That's when you'll know that he's around, you'll feel him there (you prick)*  
*This is where he goes beneath your clothes, all up within your bits*  
*Feel him when you've some lusty thoughts and you'll just stop (you shit).*  

*He'll soon begin his REAL work, take heed of what you've read*  
*And once you see what's underneath*  
*You're going*  
*To wish*  
*You were dead*

*I'll wager with you. I'll make you a bet.*  
*The worse your thoughts, the stronger he'll get.*  
*You start to change when he gets in*  
*The Babadick growing right under your skin*

*Oh come, come see what's in your briefs!*

Watching from the window outside, Casta the bounty hunter took a moment to congratulate herself for taking that poetry class on a whim six years ago.