---
title: Too Many Cooks, LLC
tag: session-recap
---

The Nameless wanted [Deckherd Hall](/wiki/six-towers#deckherd-hall) to be the home of the reopened [V-Sea-W](/wiki/v-sea-w)! The problem is, Deckherd Hall was tied up in the police investigations into the whole-ass [Seventh Tower](/wiki/seventh-tower) thing (including the discovery that it had been fraudulently acquired in the first place). 

There being no immediate living heir to the Deckherd name, the hall was set to go up for auction upon the conclusion of the investigation.

But WHO else wanted Deckherd Hall, WHY did they want it, and HOW did the Nameless suborn them?

**WHO #1:** Borgin Karhowl, Mysterious Heir aka [Victoria Karhowl](/wiki/npcs#victoria-karhowl), ancient-tinkerer-inhabiting-the-body-of-[Cole-Ardmore](/wiki/npcs#cole-ardmore). Bodyguarded by [Casta](/wiki/npcs#casta), who was having a great deal of fun with it.

**WHY #1:** Big-ass workshop for the production of freaky machines, likely including multiple [Lugos](/wiki/npcs#lugos)-esque robots.

**HOW #1:** After a hefty redesign, the Nameless secured an agreement to give her a basement workshop within Deckherd Hall.

--------------------------------------

**WHO #2:** The [Spirit Wardens](/wiki/factions#spirit-wardens).

**WHY #2:** To have an outpost that could double as a potential meeting point between themselves, the [Dimmer Sisters](/wiki/factions#dimmer-sisters), the Black Knights, the Crows, etc.

**HOW #2:** After an ill-advised [Linmer](/wiki/linmer) offer and ANOTHER hefty redesign, the Nameless fit in a series of fake walls and passages within Deckherd Hall that would allow the Spirit Wardens discreet access to the Dimmer Sisters et al.

--------------------------------------

**WHO #3:** The Bowery Beehive, being a shell corporation for the notorious mercantile syndicate known as [the Hive](/wiki/factions#the-hive).

**WHY #3:** The Hive was going to turn Deckherd Hall into a boutique high-end shopping mall, following [Seventh Tower](/wiki/seventh-tower)'s basic blueprint.

**HOW #3:** [Sandro](/wiki/sandro), [Arvin](/wiki/arvin), and [Sizzle](/wiki/sizzle) reminded the Hive what happened to Seventh Tower. The Hive has decided to build their mall at the former Palisade Avenue site, reasoning (correctly) that fixing that demolition area would be cheaper than taking on the Nameless.

--------------------------------------

**WHO #4:** Lady [Anastasia Bowmore](/wiki/npcs#anastasia-bowmore), and (to a lesser extent) Lord [Stuart Bowmore](/wiki/npcs#stuart-bowmore)

**WHY #4:** Lady Bowmore wanted to tear down Deckherd Hall and turn it into a memorial topiary garden, civic meeting hall, and general monument to the dead Lady [Cassandra Bowmore](/wiki/npcs#lady-bowmore). Lord Stuart Bowmore wanted Deckherd Hall for some other purpose, likely in the name of furthering his and Anastasia's struggle for the Bowmore legacy.

**HOW #4:** This one's complicated. There were assassination plots, kompromat plots, planted bombs, unintentional arson, and a drug-fueled Monotheism (the TCG sweeping the salons of the elite) duel. The long and the short of it is:

Lady Anastasia Bowmore was brought on board with the promise of a rooftop topiary garden, reflecting pool, and ten-foot statue* of Lady Cassandra Bowmore.

Lord Stuart Bowmore died of an overdose after scraping a win against Sandro, using his Golden Tablets/Joseph Smith Mormon deck.

The assassin [Prudence](/wiki/npcs#prudence) (sister to Mercy, Charity, and Grace) attempted to assassinate Lord Bowmore but was convinced by Sizzle to take the W and leave after Sandro caused the man to commit suicide by drug-fueled Monotheism game.

Linmer foiled a [Clockmaker](/wiki/the-clockmaker)-built bomb under Lady Bowmore's bed in the process of investigating her plans.

The [Wraiths](/wiki/factions#wraiths) were convinced by Arkin to abandon their kompromat plot and leave the Nameless to it, in exchange for a secret backroom lair within Deckherd Hall (a LESS HEFTY redesign).


Also, the Bowmores have a new chef named [Beppo](/wiki/npcs#beppo). Arvin has framed this man as a drunkard. This is probably fine.

\*Due to some incidental Arvin arson, the Bowmore Estate was significantly damaged.  As such, the planned memorial gardens, civic meeting hall, and twenty-foot statue had to be scaled back a bit.

---
**Books's Safety Tip:**
> If you wish to kill Moses in order to trap the Israelites in Nauvoo, Illinois: prioritize translating the Golden Tablets before the Angel of Death pushes Joseph Smith out his bedroom window, thereby avoiding both a supra-LD50 of proprietary noblesse psychogenic dueling venom & inadvertently killing several professional athletes in the process.

---