---
title: Downtime
tag: fluff
---

## Books
**Acquired the "Bodyguard" veteran ability from the Cutter playbook.** 
> Indeed, yes, very true, Books works with & enables The Nameless in order to the study the collateral damage they manifest in their wake. How often does one get the opportunity to collect lethal dosage data from a noble's Monotheism duel?! But it seems a rather unsustainable policy to let the rogues, themselves, fall victim to their own cornucopia of chaos. It would be wisest to prevent any potential deaths...well, maybe just one. You know...as a treat. 

## Sizzle
0) **deposit 2 coin into Stash:** (8 --> 10); buy a tiny condo.
> *"You're unpacked already?" Celene asks. Sizzle nods. "I travel light," she says with a shrug, stuffing her now-empty pack in the hallway closet. Celene purses her lips, eyes glancing over the unpadded bedroll, pile of hats, a few bottles on the counter, and the neatly arranged firearms propped against the wall. "C'mon, we're going to Nightmarket," she says decisively. "You need a proper bed, at least. My treat." Before Sizzle can protest, Celene grabs her by the arm and marches her out the door.*

1) **Roll to de-stress:** 6! updated from 8 -> 2
> *". . . You'd think that the worst thing about growin' up in the Deathlands would be the ghosts an' demons an' such, but honestly, they don't seem to care much for kids; they mostly left me alone until 'bout five years ago. Nah, the worst part was the food. Everythin' tastes like razors and slime, an' the aftertaste is just a feelin' of despair that lasts for hours and hours. First time I tried a city mushroom, dad, it felt like I was flyin'. . ."*

2) **Acquire an Asset:** Cohort, Tier II -- the Six Towers Advisory Board (S.T.A.B.)
> *She fidgeted with the edge of the notecards, flipping them back and forth as the nearly two dozen people in the newly designated Cassandra Bowmore Ballroom watched her expectantly. "That's a great question, Olga, thank you." She considered a moment before continuing. "I'm here, in a way, to make amends. I ain't my old man, and me 'n' my associates ain't gonna push folks out like Seventh Tower did. V-Sea-W was born right here in Six Towers; as we see it, this community is worth investin' in. An' that's exactly why I asked ya'll here today."*

## Cruncho

**Complete the Wickhamm clock.**
> Cruncho sat alone in the room. Silent, motionless. Not because he was relaxing. Because he couldn't afford any unnecessary movement, any mistakes. Left hand over a collection of filled spirit bottles, right hand over a vat of electroplasm. 

> One at a time. Don't fuck up.

> Breathe in. 

> He pulls the ghost out of the bottle, into his body. It squirms for freedom. His senses scour the spectral nexus inside his silver endoskeletal implants and finds where the shard of Old Wickhamm is. The ghost thrashes for its life. Chum the waters, watch the feeding. Somewhere between what the ghost WAS and what it WILL be is the answer...HOW it became. 

> Cruncho sharpens his sense inward, focused on the ghost as it is overwritten by Wickhamm's will. Notice the changes. Feel its electroplasmic energy twist and rearrange. Then the moment it is done, the freshly born Wickhamm is ejected into the bath, dissolving away. 

> Breathe out.

> Again. One at a time. 

> Breathe in.