---
title: Debrief
tag: fluff
---

**Somewhere dark and wet**

&lt;Sit down, miss. Let’s assess the damage.&gt;

***”No damage. They didn’t touch me.”***

&lt;I’ll be the judge of that. Sit, please.&gt;

**”Did they show up? Did you see them?”**

***”A few of them. Volkova. Sandro. The old man-“***

**”Linmer? Did you kill him??”**

***”He died. Not by my hand.”***

**” . . . I’m going to confirm that.”**

***”I saw the bodies-“***

**”I SAID, I’m going to confirm that.”**

&lt;Let her go. Artists must be permitted their . . . Eccentricities.&gt;

***”Food’s not art”***

&lt;Spoken like one who’s never starved. Now then! The grafts appear to be performing adequately. Some wear on the skeletal silver. I thought you prepared the ground for ghosts?&gt;

***”I did. They had someone new. Not a ghost. Did some things with the ghost field, though.”***

&lt;Probably that Orianna woman. I’d wondered when she’d rear her head again . . .&gt;

***”No. Orianna can’t move like that. Someone new.”***

&lt;Of course. They do love picking up talented strays. I suppose we can-&gt;

***”She’s dead too. All of them are dead.”***

&lt;. . . By your hand?&gt;

***”No. Gunfire. Saw their bodies.”***

&lt;Then none of them are dead. The Nameless have done this before. I spoke to Wollstonecraft in the sewers.&gt;

***”Wollstonecraft the tinker? But he’s . . . Hrrrn.”***

&lt;Yes. You understand how pernicious they are now.&gt;

***”Hrrrn. Right. Ambush predators. And Seventh Tower . . . Big enough to become prey.”***

&lt;A crude metaphor, but if it suits you. I suggest-&gt;

***”We’ll need to give them their ambush, then. Reach out to the Web. Find prey they’ll take. Make some if there’s none. I need to change.”***

&lt;Enjoy the evening, miss. I’ll have something new for you on your return.&gt;

***”Good. And more spiders. They were effective.”***

&lt;As you say.&gt;

***”Oh, and Clockmaker . . . The ghost woman. Got a sample of her blood. See what you can find.”***