---
title: Throw the Match
tag: session-recap
---
The Gang Fakes a Loss of V-Sea-W. Bodies are planted, and the wrestlers are on board but they’re gonna wanna unionize after. V-Sea-W has been classified as a historical landmark.

[V-Sea-W](/wiki/v-sea-w) has several dozen ex-Imperial Soldiers on the premesis, turning away wrestlers and getting ready for war. 

There’s some kind of ghostly . . . Thing . . . Around the electroplasmic infrastructure of [Six Towers](/wiki/six-towers) in a 3-block radius of V-Sea-W.

The [Billhooks](/wiki/billhooks) were approached by [7th Tower](/wiki/seventh-tower) because they are less entrenched in Six Towers and a more feasible option. The Billhooks sold you out for cold hard cash.

The Gang Fakes a Loss of V-Sea-W. Bodies are planted, and the wrestlers are on board but they’re gonna wanna unionize after. V-Sea-W has been classified as a historical landmark.

Construction materials have been sabotaged for Seventh Tower Consortium   

Duskwall has Batman now, and they’re attacking V-Sea-W. The clockmaker is aiding Batman (the [Spider](/wiki/npcs#the-spider)). The ghost of [François](/wiki/npcs#francois) is also involved.

Seventh Tower has lost over a dozen experienced soldiers in “taking” (not really) V-Sea-W. “The Spider” is a new black-garbed and caped vigilante with impossible fighting skills and several gadgets at her disposal. She appears to be allied with [the Clockmaker](/wiki/the-clockmaker) and the Ghost of Francois. She does not appear to be explicitly targeting the Nameless YET. And the Spider has a sample of [Mara](/wiki/mara)’s blood. But that’s probably fine.

[Katya](/wiki/katya), [Linmer](/wiki/linmer), Mara, [Orianna](/wiki/affect), and [Sandro](/wiki/sandro) are all presumed dead. [Arkin](/wiki/arkin) was, of course, ALREADY presumed dead.